hello everybody, everything beauty superpicape
Unpublished here for another video tip of
avoid
Today I'm going to talk about the guess thing.
extremely important
I get many questions the staff
speaking the following by Pedro de Color in
all the chips on the scale to be held in
pentatonic scale scale and 7
Only when it was improvised, I'm
I do not know what to do.
when this is very common in those who are
learning
Let's make it very clear, guys.
is to have mastery of the guitar arm and have
I mean, what do I know where
are the notes on the guitar arm
This chip- playing thing is one like that.
help on the one hand but harms
so I think it hurts the most
background that helps because when you
decorating chips was decorating its shape
geometric of the saints knows what
Are you playing the then instead of the
people keep thinking about chips come on
think of notes that we are
playing what is the relationship of this fashion in
field with a chord on which I
Playing this note, this is the most
important is not enough to just get the sheik
rang up you might think you're staying
everything beautiful is not so thing
it works
so I really like being stuck on
sheiks alaa drawings or anything then
Can you do to improve this?
there is why the following when you
it's improvising I recommend it
you think where the author tone was already
already spent his free time was already already
lost the idea is that you can do is
simple in simply gives an example
here you apply all the causes that
Do you know Catholic greater than all?
else does the decorating will pick up here
module 5 from the scale up to the
most famous, everyone knows
here with Bruno tells Tony that we
use the not
only everyone
the Catholic from there in the seven then everything
world knows here the error is
right here and get stuck here what
the person sees she sees balls, it's not for
of balls is to see notes this Thursday
with the note but ball house and rope
performs when both the barrel has no
a little pattern petal and purify
uranium has to know all of us still to
same thing
So what do you do, take the government of
have a diagram that remains of the arm of the
guitar and white it all scales
that you know you're starting to do the
Next replace the marbles
you will do what it will take to do
this here
how will you stay there doh sun form
simple and practical
this way when you decorate a
scale is decorate the notes on the arm that
and the most important
as it is touching the scale you have to
know the grades of this scale
what are the gaps in this
scale
no use touching the chip the chip does not
music is of no use
so look for coral that way
transposes to all situations of the
scale including octaves
this way so you will
start decorating where the notes are
and over time you start to decorate
way much more
The guitar arm is fast here.
extremely important
personal improvisation and influence
influence is continuity, can not
stop to think about improvising time
where is what she notices is that she does not have
how to stop an improvisation roll
is faithful is the whole time there you have to
know where you are and where you are
new here then to change a little to
way to study helps a lot
Ok guys this was another video tip
to avoid there enters the next then